hey everybody I wanted to welcome back
one of our favorite cloud in SAS
Executives and Friends of saster cydney
Sloan who is now CMO of drus and thank
you for having me back and we're doing
this as part of our what's new series
where I dig in with Cloud Executives
that we know talk about informally
Trends in the industry what they're
seeing and what new is going on and dra
is interesting for a couple reasons one
there are rocket chip which Sydney will
get into in a minute she just got back
from there AK but also super interesting
because Sydney was CMO at sales Loft and
so I want to learn some compare and
contrast from her and it's interesting
for me I was a smaller but not tiny
investor in sales Loft since pre-revenue
and saw from the sidelines things were
happening and always the compare and
contrast is always interesting
especially as times change but cdy I
want to get there second then I want to
talk about the markets and then I want
to talk about what's new at drada but
this AKO just for folks who learning
what so it wasn't a sales kickoffs
became Revenue kickoffs with marketers
and now they're annual kickoffs we
landed on akl because it's the revenue
team but it's also the marketing team
and then we had people operations and so
we just decided to call it annual
kickoff yeah just because it's the
kickoff of the year since we have it two
things on it one is tactically when
should you start doing your SK RKO AKO
when is it when should you start doing
it such a good question three months
would be in my opinion kind of minimum
so we met as a leadership our cro our
CCO our enablement team and our product
marketing team met in person first week
of December so we did two months ahead
of time but I already had a thought of
what we wanted to do because this is an
opportunity to make big shifts in the
way that we sell or get salale reps
really excited so we were we're moving
to like how do we think about helping
our customers build their compliance
their GRC programs their government risk
and compliance programs and so we built
a maturity framework for us to put them
with the customer where they're at how
do we talk to that customer how do we
get them from stage to stage and then we
also changed our pricing and packaging
to L to those stages so it's and so
rolling out new pricing and packaging
getting the steps and then we also
included our partners so we did our
first annual Partners Summits we had 80
partners that joined us and introduced
them so collectively how do we as an
ecosystem align to the same strategy of
how we work with our customers and where
they're at and how we want to get them
to the next part so as we add more and
more products we really need to
understand where they are what's the
next step how does our complete platform
work with that along with our ecos it's
a heavy partner orientation because you
need an auditor you need a virtual ceso
or ceso in place if you don't have one
yet so partner is a huge component of
our strategy and how if you're if since
you're getting so much of your revenue
from Partners how do you break up the
marketing team the sales team how do you
think about resource allocation to that
so we do have three routes to Market
marketing has a a large contribution
especially on the lower end of the
market but we signed up for about 41% of
pipeline contribution next year um
Partners is going to be another 40% so
we're running a pretty fast flywheel On
The Low End we've got nine day Sal
Cycles up on the upper end you're
talking about a month maybe two so the
velocity motion is how we run very fast
but we're thinking about the different
partners and their expertise in
different framework areas and really
selling them on the value of doing
something different because they are the
ones that are guiding a lot of time the
company through through their first sock
2 or extending them to Sock 2 and ISO
and they're the trusted advisor that can
sell the customer on the value of the
continuous automation around during this
versus just having it be an annual
painful audit event and so these is and
the partnership marketing is that under
your baileywick too and do you have a
different VP or director we added
another person to lead the partner
marketing function and we introduced our
partner program we do a lot of
co-marketing AWS is our most strategic
partner so we do a lot with AWS was
somebody I worked from with before so I
pulled her over from sales left and
knows know that she knows partners and
has a product marketing background which
I really so she can be strategic but she
also understands the operational
execution and how to run a program and
so it it is within the product marketing
team today but in past lives like at
sales Loft I had a l i had the entire
alliances team reporting to me including
the number and the channel relationships
we have an awesome leader here it's not
I don't need it it's totally fine it's
just more work I joke but but partner is
strategic so it's we've up leveled the
role and built out the team there got it
and one just from your learnings a lot
of folks miss the whole partner Channel
they bang their heads against the wall
doing everything direct and they miss
how important it is what it takes people
a little while to figure out is all
Partners have favorites what I mean is
Partners have don't have n 95 times out
100 they don't have the bandwidth to
support five part five sub Partners in
their category AWS can't support 20
vendors equally and you can see this
explicitly if you're on app exchange or
on Shopify you can see the logarithmic
distribution but people don't get how
important it is to be the top partner to
your partners it's just it it's so much
more important to be number one isn't it
and sometimes there isn't even a number
two sometimes folks don't even have the
bandwidth to even learn it's so much
work to learn one partner sometimes I
don't even want to learn the quirks of
another the way that I think about it is
and I've run Partnerships a lot in my
career you want to understand the
ecosystem because that's the that's
where your customers live and so what
are the most important categories that
surround your category who are the key
players and who do you want to partner
with ideally you're partnering with the
biggest person but sometimes you want to
partner with the person that's going to
give you the most time of give you the
time of day and it is a defensible
strategy to create differentiation when
you and that partner build out spefic
specific Integrations so I'll give two
examples when I was at sales oft latiny
and I from six cents shook hands we're
like we're gonna let's go do this and
let's differentiate and so we ideated on
what are the Integrations that we can do
and then we aligned our teams we did
co-marketing together our sales reps
we're friends with the sales rep it
really hits at the field level like you
have to make sure those relationships
are built that they're sharing accounts
I love Cross Beam it's totally changed
how sales teams can go together with
partners and and how track it and so
that can create differentiation plus it
creates an a multiple effect because you
get to cross sell to your customer bases
so there's lots of value in that the
other example is I mentioned that we are
partnering with AWS when you're
partnering with a big folks Accenture
AWS who picked them you have to bring
business to them let's not be fooled
let's not people don't get it they think
it should be the other way they don't
get it you have to bring business to the
bigger guy 100% And so we were
highlighted dur in reinvent between
mongod DB and crowd strike only three
companies that were mentioned on stage
by their head of Partnerships because we
did the most transactions on Marketplace
than any other company and there's
benefits for doing that if you're if
you're a startup and thinking about
these Market places guess what that's
the financial transaction aspect to the
customer relationship everybody's going
to pay their AWS bill right so if you're
worried about Theo or collections like
if you're going to these marketplaces
they have to pay those bills just an
advice to other uh startups out there
that are considering going into
marketplaces there is that benefit and
then once you do have that transaction
volume you get noticed and you get
mentioned and then you get access to
their reps but you still have to follow
through you still have to be working
with them day and out you still have to
be managing those relationships at a
repto rep level you still need to be
trading accounts again that's what I've
learned if it's not working at the field
level if you're not tracking that if
they're not if there's not a win-win
it's barning you think domain expertise
is overrated but
when you have something like that
relationship you got to hire someone
that has managed these complicated
Matrix level nuanced relationships
you've got to figure out who the hundred
people at AWS are that matter in this
relationship map them out on a daily
basis figure out what all their
incentives are from cookies to spiffs to
bonus and how each of those people
profits or benefits off the relationship
you got to met you can't do what
Founders do which is drop in schmoo for
an hour and then check in six months
later it don't work right no the walking
the virtual Halls now before you would
have just dropped your person into the
Salesforce office and they would walk
the hall that's there were a lot of
people that did that and I also have a
dedicated person on the marketing team
just for that relationship yeah you have
to pick your strategics invest like
they're strategic and then you start
cheering that's what programs are all
about so you see who actually is
contributing and based on the work that
they do they get extra benefit they get
access they get integrated into the
campaigns they get invited to things
that other people wouldn't get invited
to and that's the structure and why you
put programs in place yeah all I wrote
this old post on saster that I think
people don't get it says all Partners
have favorites be one of them yeah and I
say I'm like and I pick favorites I do
you pick favor are absolutely and some
of it's personal some of it is
relationship driven and that can be
frustrating if you're an outsider but
you have to understand that whether it's
Sydney Sloan at drada or ad they don't
have the bandwidth to have 100
relationships right you got to one you
got to deliver them revenue and you got
to do it in a low drama efficient way
you need the combination of the two
right and you want to be in that 2 by
two and you can't just sit and wait for
it to happen you have to make it happen
don't you yeah yeah and work and just
make it easy on them they're busy people
right we're busy people they're busy
people in big companies that can have a
lot of influence so just make it as easy
as possible on them we could spend the
whole time on on Partner marketing
because it's people get this all wrong
and I remember a couple years ago I
interviewed Brian how again from and
they're up 40% of their revenue from the
channel too and I asked him I said this
is really a moat for you because all the
HubSpot shops really only recommend
HubSpot they don't have time to get to
know other apps it doesn't matter if
they're better or worse they don't have
especially SBS don't have time I'm like
is it a moat and you can watch the video
he literally almost lost the Cofe his
NOS it's the best moat we
have he like they don't switch don't
switch startups may switch people may
move from Salesforce or marquet but the
partners when they lock in on HubSpot
they but the one thing you said and one
thing that people get wrong is they're
like oh why can't aw or Salesforce or
Shopify give me customers you got to go
the other way you have to prove yourself
first and there's two types of Partners
right the one that bring you Le they one
that help you make your existing
customers happier right and then there's
like upsell and they each have very
different ways to manage them because
the AES don't care about stuff down the
road unless they get spiff on it right
but the ones that bring in customers are
like that lights up the partner doesn't
it if you bring them leads absolutely
and interestingly yet we work with
companies who put their data in the
cloud that's what they're securing so
it's for us it's they have to be in a
cloud infrastructure and we're doing
things with Azure and GCT as well but
yes AWS is our favorite by far and so we
are bringing net new customers to their
Marketplace
infrastructure um where they're
transacting on Marketplace so from the
market I see you're bringing them to
their market value from them because
they're adding net new customers in in
the marketplace they try to make that a
strategic ini more of a strategic
initiative inside of Amazon and so that
that's the value ad there it's not the
first exposure to AWS it's getting them
on the marketplace is where the value at
is exactly it has to be win-win before
we get there one little thing you talked
I'm just curious what you've learned
from the AK how do you train sales
Executives especially but probably
marketers and others how do you train
folks on becoming Security Experts
generic b Tob sales Executives
who sometimes barely even understand and
other products I think it's especially
important in a competitive space because
I want to talk to a subject matter
expert as a prospect don't I I don't
just want a to no price how do you do
that when things get maybe J isn't more
complicated than sales off but I'm G to
suggest maybe it's a smidge more right
for salees right so how do you do that
how do you get them smart you're not
selling to yourself right like sales
that's the thing that's I find most reps
fail when they move from selling to
themselves to selling to a new buyer
it's too hard for maybe 60 to 70% of
reps they can't make the break yeah I
think the first thing is we tell our own
story so we drank our own champagne we
were the first company to get a sock Tu
before we were selling sock tuos un like
our competitors and they go through the
onboarding program they know what the
policies are for onboarding and
offboarding some things just make
natural sense because they're going
through the process as well in addition
most of our customers start in one of
two places they start with a sock 2 or
they start with ISO they're a European
customer so you can get expertise in
those two areas but what is different
cheting about us as well is we have
experts on staff yeah so if a sales prep
is gets into a sticky situation and
doesn't really understand the new n RMF
they can pull in one of our compliance
experts we have a team that team is also
accessible to our customers because
there a lot of customers don't know that
so let live chat inside of our
application allows them to ask questions
to our experts we can't give audit
advice obviously that's what they're
auditor is for but we can't help explain
Concepts we can't help explain the
different Frameworks policies and things
like that so we have that extra
expertise like at the ready is there
anything just for internal training that
dra does it's maybe different or better
than in your prior roles do you do
something every week I'm just obsessed
being smart in today's world I think
buyers are smarter right and I think
what hasn't always happened the Reps
have not always gotten as much smarter
as the buyers have gotten smarter and I
think they have to if buyers are five
times smarter than when we started in
SAS shouldn't reps be five times smarter
buyed reps before because I'm like this
is is a waste of my time I've bought
I've bought 500 apps in my lifetime I
don't need to hear the Spiel talk to me
like an expert right yeah exactly
there's a couple things that I think
just given the speed at which dra has
grown and trying to catch up with an
enablement program we have an awesome
enablement leader now and he's built out
a team so we're putting more processes
in place I'll give two examples but I
think the thing that set Strada apart is
the commitment of our ogs and sales
leaders to be willing to help out I we
use gong no company I think on the
planet like our Founders are obsessed
with gone calls our leaders are obsessed
with gone calls we have all these alert
setup so when we see a question answer
that maybe not like we'll coach we will
proactively Coach the r to make sure
that they know the talk track because
you know our competition says the same
thing like well know and immediately if
they've thrown a new thud at us and was
the same thing at at sof as well but I
think that one thing that's the
differentiation is the commitment of the
existing OG sellers who know the space
really well to take the time to coach
others and if you're in our a slap
Channel it it's constant and it's always
being monitored so if you have a
question you get an answer immediately
from the team from within the team you
so it's outside of enablement it's that
real time access to expertise the the
other thing that I was thinking about is
specialized enablement so now what we
did when I got here we launched products
like nobody's business and we've been
doing it's for 3 years we've got I don't
even know how many products now like 20
plus Frameworks and 10 products we're
launching a big product every quarter
and so what we did was we set up a
rhythm that actually David saxs coined a
long time ago that I followed which is a
corly launch Rhythm and really focusing
on the tier one products so they know
those core products really well so you
want to spend more time enabling them
and so we have a predictable model now
we had set times that we educate we
train our technical people first and we
do specialized training for csms and am
and AES we don't treat everybody the
same so we've been able to get more
sophisticated because we got off the
flywheel of having to enable on every
feature and now we're saying no we'll go
deep on the most important and we'll go
less so on the tier twos and then tier
threes they're like learn on in your own
time is it one sales and one marketing
team across all the products or are you
specializing yet one team across all
products the product teams are organized
by themes and so that's how we organize
our marketing matching by CD so they
work with the same product owners but
we're trying to balance that each
product marketer has one tier one
product as well as a couple tier twos we
have someone so it's a work in progress
I think also having dedicated product
marketers who sales that was a thing
that I did coming in was create a
solution marketing team and so they can
demystify the product and create
Solutions and work they work hand inand
with the so one one person that works
with the Enterprise sellers have one
person that works with the the startup
team and then one person that works with
the Cs team so they have a dedicated
product marketer and that's how we could
get to the maturity model right that's
how we could start thinking about
Solutions and personas and how to apply
all the awesome products to those
different use cases product marketing
per per Persona per cat for the tis
right yeah and then per se per segment
and if you figured out what kpis they
should have or is it just being
supportive this is always a Nuance
question so for product marketing so
product marketing and product owners
have specific kpis on adoption which we
track in Sigma so we set a goal at 90
days what we want to see in terms of
adoption it comes to elt dashboard and
then at six months where would we want
those products to be and right now we're
going through like a whit space analysis
the same way that I think about
segmentation for net new markets we're
doing a whit space analysis for because
we have so many products it's like they
can't all be at 80% right again you have
to pick your favorite so what is the
most strategic products that we want to
drive dri adoption for and so we're
running so we run education programs and
emphasize plays around the more
strategic or Revenue generating products
and so that's how we think about
adoption goals for the product team for
the solution team it's uh ASP are we are
we are increasing our ASP our win rates
the things that they can influence in
the sales process it's interesting so
you the pricing person is in a solution
team as well as realization and BBA so
that all sits in one but that first team
report to you so you also own a kpi
around uh adoption rates right is
equally as important as the amount of
deals you close and amount of deals you
bring in if they don't deploy they churn
that's product product management and
product marketing need to be sure that
we are building products that customers
want and use and that that the customers
are aware so they're taking advantage of
all the great Innovation that we're
delivering does that constitute customer
marketing or do you have a separate
function for what are you thinking about
these days around customer marketing and
retention marketing so we're building a
customer marketing team start awesome
person that I used to Mentor like I've
been dying to work with her has a
product marketing background and so
she's driving the campaigns she's
partnering on those kpis and working
with the account management and CSM
teams as we build out that team they'll
do more around advocacy customer
storytelling running the C she runs the
Cab community will all be under customer
marketing and they have a they'll end up
probably having a grr or nrr type goal
is that the is that the kpi have you
figured that out yet yeah nrr 100% And
and then one last it's just so
interesting how you're Divi how you're
dividing and conquering these
departments customer marketing as
because you're building this function
out now right so you're getting mature
enough to think through it this is like
an existential question with the
founders and Leadership but how do you
figure out how much of your marketing
budget to put into customer marketing
because on paper you can actually argue
the majority at some point because of
the power of retaining C if you look at
Revenue retention plus expansion one
argument was hey 80% of my marketing
budget should go into customer marketing
I find it's often 10% or less even
though it doesn't really match the flow
of dollars does it you hit a soapbox
topic for me 100% And and at certain
stages you need to start looking at what
the balance of net new versus growth
Revenue looks like and so if you're at
100 million that starts to get at 50/50
so if you're off of that if you're not
investing in that way and so what we
have net new campaigns and we have
customer campaigns and so yes you want
to take customers after they become a
customer and put them into a different
drip campaign one that's to onboarding
and when they hit their onboarding goal
then they move into a different campaign
and so you work with the customer
education team with their customer
experience in building out those models
using a mix of marketing tactics so
we'll do awareness branding through our
six sense implementation why not send
your existing customers educational
content that drives them to learn more
we will use intercom in product we use
chameleon like pendo so all figuring out
all those different aspects of which
format is the right one to drive certain
behaviors throughout the customer
Journey that can be always on and then
we that same quarterly rhythm is also
about customer education so we do a
quarterly event that talks about the
tier one products and so customers can
count on oh I need to pay attention now
this is like the big stuff coming from
dra of this quarter yeah that's combined
with the inapp experiences it's combined
with emails and we don't yet have
dedicated I have worked with companies
that have dedicated cross sell upsell
sdrs which are growth sdrs I think
that's a cool model it really depends if
you've got that wired versus the account
managers doing that that that could be a
way we I just like them to be smart I
would say 8020 probably more likely I
100% agree right now it's probably 90%
if I could get to 8020 I'd be happy with
that I'm not there yet that's a good
learning that's a good way to think
about it right if you count like the
customer event and things like that
maybe that might be close yeah there's
few things more powerful than getting
your customers and Prospects together
right you realize it over the years
right and then but then in the early
days you wanted to be about Revenue
generation right and then you wanted to
be about pipeline influence and then
later you realize it's about retention
right it's all of it all at once it's
all but you got but you can't make them
equal like in your mind you'll fail at
all three won't you at least you have to
P you have to Force rank them I think
yeah it's always could be net new it's
to start you just if marketing is gonna
contribute that's where you have to
start one other quick one and then I
want to talk about the markets and
what's new at dat um what sales soft had
a great run $2.5 billion doll exit Good
Times D is growing even faster than
sales soft was soft had some high growth
phases too what are you doing
differently this time what are you doing
better what are you you leveling up it's
hard because there's pattern recognition
but then there's draw a speed and it's
just like nothing I've ever seen come in
and it's just I'll give a perfect
example like I I talk a lot about
segmentation strategy and as a marketing
leader that's where you have to start
you have to really look at your segments
and work with leadership to line on
which are the segments we're going after
and usually when I come in there's 10 or
12 and and so it's a great alignment
exercise that's what it is all segments
are probably decent to go after just not
at the same time so we ran that process
my second month in did a half day
session with elt identify the our top
four on Monday we were already making
changes yeah on Monday we were
reorganizing teams and doing different
like completely shuffling the deck and
aligning to that normally that would be
like next quarter we builds we think
about it it was Monday and so just like
being aable to oh okay whoa we're going
like that fast thank goodness that I
have experienced so I can lean on and
help guide the boat down a channel that
I've swam before to know what some of
the right things are to do and how to
prioritize but at the same time be
openminded and okay there is no playbook
for this I've been a CMO twice but I
feel like I've been in marketing for
decades and so I take all of that
experience and some things I know really
help like where to slow down you can
speed up where to invest in
infrastructure to scale more efficiently
versus just continuing to throw bodies
at things like those are the types of
trade-off discussions I think are
important at this stage because we have
to grow not only fast but responsibly
and efficiently and that balance yeah
for what it's worth to folks I just
think in today's world there are
Exceptions there are the truth is there
are vertical areas of vertical SASS and
others that are that innovate slowly
where there's a couple of vendors but
today if I were to join a company you
got to join someone iterating it at D's
rate it's not worth it for your time or
life and even on year one a lot of truly
great engineering Le products just
innovate faster and it compounds doesn't
you've seen it if you can do two or
three time more releases a year think
about where you are four to five years
out and I just think you got to join
these ones right and and then we just it
doesn't matter in a quarter or two but
five years out their companies become
radically different if they compound it
that right like they're not they don't
even look the same yeah like we we are
catching up to our biggest competitor
and it's a fight every day um but the
trajectory we on like we we did an
internal look at slack like we could be
a slack story and that's really
motivating to people right like we could
be in that top Echelon in four years of
hitting a really meaningful Milestone
and it's right there and so then you
give up your Saturday right then you
work a little bit harder like you just
it's cuz to be in rare erir and if you
want to sign up here's welc and if you
don't that's okay there's lots of
companies out there but you only get a
couple chances I would say very eveni
chance once in a lifetime and I've been
fortunate to been at some fantastic
company so related to that let me ask I
feel like we're in such a bifurcated
World in cloud and Sass probably half
the people we know think there's this
downturn or this recession or the world
is over or growth in some cases has gone
to Zero from high but security overall
we could talk about dra specifically
there's no downturn like we're talking
today like just the Cloud flare just
blew out its last quarter everyone's
blowing out its every all the public
leaders are on fire drada and others are
on fire is there any downturn at all in
security and how do you think about this
when you talk to friends of yours other
CMOS and Executives that are in parts of
B2B that are struggling how do you think
about this it's a must have versus nice
to have yeah story and simp the threats
aren't going away more and more
information is going into the cloud
which creates more exposure and risk and
it does go back what are the top three
things on every single CEO's mind
growing Revenue reducing risk operating
efficiently that's it never changes
right and so as the risk continue to get
more and more compounded is like going
into third party risk management has
been a really interesting personally for
me area to explore because you really
think about the vulnerabilities of
others um that you're taking on because
we're all leveraging each other's
technology and things outside of your
control could crush your company and so
how do companies like make sure that
their partners and it's not a security
questionnaire sorry to tell you right
it's like how do how can you maintain
and so this idea that you can
transparently see like how are companies
working against their policies how are
they addressing intermediating issues
that are coming up and this I think this
what I liked about it one of the reasons
I joined R is this is one of the places
where digital transformation has not yet
hit that was poor or so in the
governance Rift and compliance area that
are still running audits off of
spreadsheets right so many places have
been transformed and this is an area
that hasn't and it's so clear in the
value so clear and so that's why this
product Market fit is so intense and and
it is and only reducing risk but it is a
it is the key to unlocking growth for
many companies because if they companies
won't buy unless they have their stck to
or companies won't buy unless they have
ISO because a must that risk is getting
more and more prevalent so it's a must
have are there any macro impacts in the
category I know you're growing like a
weed but it doesn't mean that sometimes
behind the scenes it's harder like
buying Cycles are harder or more CFOs
are involved are you seeing any of this
or is security immune from this downturn
the biggest Trend that's hitting our
industry in manyi is the impact of AI
and how to think about AI as it relates
to risk and so how is AI like AI
policies inside companies like how do
people and companies decide what to use
and how to use AI how do you track that
how do you monitor it as well how do you
use Ai and and we're having a big
announcements coming out like our
approach to AI how we make sure we keep
our secure so easy thir open AI
Frameworks and so that's the most common
topic that people are cesos or companies
are trying to struggle with because it's
going to continue to change and imagine
the bad guys right they're using AI tooy
vulnerabilities to like they're probably
more advanced than most and it's just
going to get tougher yeah but is that at
a business side is that good for drada
yes security is Evergreen right it just
get the bar goes up the threats go up
for the entire history ofof but I think
it's the having the transparency so if
your systems aren't connected if you
aren't continuously monitoring all of
your systems yeah in a way that it can
notify you that some arai so you can
remediate it immediately then you're
flying in the dark right you're just
setting yourself up to be attacked and I
don't like the scare tactics that's just
not how I function as a marketer so I'm
not a f marketer I don't like that but
it is the truth yeah some are good at it
not us reality yeah I just have a hard
time doing it I know just got to be good
at you either gotta be good at fud or
counter fud you just got to pick your
personality got you can't be bad at both
though let's talk about today D dra is
growing to Triple digit rates
unprecedented growth but it's a crowded
category not only directly but
indirectly right there's just lots of so
where do you win today and what's and
how do you win today what's the core
deals where you're winning them left and
right what's the top win rate I the
great FS Are For the First Time
customers so people that haven't done
this before and need to get their first
framework in place and have a timeline
that they're needing so then it's like a
clear one versus the other in because
the Technologies are pretty similar so
who's the partner how do you get them
what secured how do you make them feel
secure and supported in their journey
and luckily we have a lot of great G2
reviews that talk about our customer
support as differentiated and access to
expertise we lean in heavily on that and
then the move up market so really
understanding what that mix is the multi
Frameworks multiproduct and also and
it's a conversation we have because
customers want to come to us right
there's big companies that see this and
be like I want to make my life easier
and being okay to walk away and say no
we're not ready for you yet and so being
very mindful about we have insane
product Market fit for startups like how
do we get insane product Market fits for
the next segment um that we want to
serve and understand how to do that
quickly so we can attack that segment
before going to the next one I think all
too often big company comes in people
get enamored million dollar deal and it
JP the jump on the bomb yeah yeah it's
just like being okay to walk away that
said L it's complicated though this is
the kind of advice where you got to just
always just listen to 10 people right
because some folks will tell you to walk
away but sometimes those will be folks
that don't like sales or don't like the
challenges there'll be other folks whose
DNA is we love like we've lived this I
remember the day it's the store I
remember the day it sells off we got our
first six figure seven figure deal and
Bob and Linda and didn't want to do it
but Sydney and Kyle did and we did it
and it changed the course of the company
so the advice is so hard to process it's
when to do it and when not but I think
dra's got all the you're drinking from a
fire hose right so that's when you got
to be the most careful is that you
graduate naturally up market right at
the right Cadence I think and just like
in in general with companies also don't
get too complacent on our Adam Mar calls
it eating Skittles that are falling from
the sky right and feeding yourself off
the router don't get complacent like we
have to be challenging ourselves on the
next one and the next one and what are
the Right Moves for us to make and if
this happens and that's the fun part of
what I get to do right it's the
Strategic side I love marketing that's
fine but like really helping the company
figure out what are the right strategic
things to do and how to approach it hard
stuff so what's coming down the pike
this year down the future that you are
most excited about what are you most
excited about that's coming to trata oh
boy we're continuing to set the bar at
trata speed I'm excited for our second
customer conference it's going to be
June 12th in San Francisco at Pier 27
which is such a lovely location where we
can welcome more but a good venue yeah
an empty
space and and but I just can see dra
along windows with the bay in the
background I'm like we got it we just
have to do that more Innovation and
deeper on Partners I think that really
understanding how to work with Partners
getting the sales teams to align to that
ability and what Kevin Kel are ahead of
be our VP Partnerships talks about is
like removing all the barriers make it
make them whole if they're selling with
a partner don't make it hard don't sell
against a partner like really figuring
out the right strategies to make it
effortless and frictionless and we'll
all win in the long run so be willing to
always lean on whatever is right in the
partner and write for the customer and
we'll figure out the rest so those are
some of the big be product Innovation is
going to be awesome signed for RSA got a
big announcement coming out then so yeah
it just keeps coming this was great I
learned a lot is there anything we
didn't hit that you wanted to hit or
touch on we talked a little bit about
and I remember when when I was at saster
last year and you came up to me you're
like I can't believe you signed up to do
it again what is it about another fast
startup and how do you find the energy
to do that and so we were talking about
that and I think some people are just
gluttons for punishment or love the
challenge and the reward and when I was
going through my process there weren't a
lot of companies that were growing this
fast that we're willing to lean in and
I'd rather be in that kind of company
than a cutting back and making tough
decisions that aren't fun and so I think
that's why I dove in and just also being
able to continue to change the way
people work that's the wiring that I
have that's why I always like working
application side is like we get to to
change the way people work for the
better we're going to make them more
strategic more effective we can draw a
correlation between our implementation
and a Topline impact that's cool
technology to work with I do remember
asking you that there's so many folks
that we've all that you and I have been
working with over the years that are
great folks that can't do it again for
variety of reasons like I and you we
talked about this before we started it
used to frustrate me a little bit now
I'm Zen about it we're all humans right
right this stuff is both fascinating as
you can hear Syd I talk about but it's
also hard right and if you don't thrive
on the hardness it can break you over
time and I think yeah for what it's
worth for folks listening when you go to
hire that proven CMO like Sydney make
sure she or he has the passion that we
just heard this is the thing you got to
do you got to listen in hires today
because there's so many veterans out
there think about how many proven VPS
and directors there are today versus
even just five years ago it's just the
growth of SASS and class right this is a
trillion software is business software
is a trillion dollar industry SAS is
over 200 billion so there's there's a
lot of folks out there that have great
resumés right but if they don't have the
passion anymore you got to pass don't
you 100% on both sides got to pass both
to pass to yeah on both sides and when I
talked to Adam the first time I was like
I don't know security it's not our thing
and I said and passion is my kind of
secret weapon which by the way burned
out after sales off like I gave 150% and
more and I had to take a year and a half
off so to reset and do a lot of energy
work but he said can you be passionate
about trust because that's what we're
doing we're creating trust between
companies and I was like yeah he got me
on that one and it's the foundation for
everything is trust every relationship
every business transaction so that's how
he got me yeah then just one more last
one we'll close on I think you had a
LinkedIn post on this when you join but
didn't you say you did 50 serious
interviews like not not quick checkins
not email like hardcore real you yeah
I've had a lot of people reach out to me
about that post the title was no your
worth and in the beginning was I talked
to 35 companies that doesn't include
recruiters so the recruiters came and I
would vet out from the ones that I would
want to talk to I did over 100
interviews I think it was 110 interviews
over eight months wow and there were a
couple that I got to the wire and I was
disappointed that I didn't get those
roles I believe in Fates so everything
happens for a reason I did I know I
haven't been a cm a $500 million company
before and so the person that you get
you understand why the EOS weren't
willing to take the risks that they were
and wanting proven in their similar
situation which I swallowed the pill and
I moved on and and so yeah it was tough
it was tough and also there are some
great companies oh my God like I love
their products but I didn't want to work
for someone who didn't understand my
value like a lot of marketing roles were
being downgraded and put under
presidence and I'm like I got to report
to the CEO strategy is what I love doing
I just happen to own the function of
marketing but if I can't be strategic if
I can't like help there then I then it's
not good for me it's not good for them
like not getting their money's worth
yeah that's interesting I actually find
I hadn't thought about this talking with
C I find it's a micro Trend where a lot
of Founders when they get to a certain
stage they want to put more people not
under them they don't want the CMO to
report to me sometimes if it's like SB
they don't even want the sales to report
to them anymore because it's
transactional I don't want that my chief
customer officer to report to me that
drives me nuts and but the best want
to that's what I always tell them I'm
like I hear your point on your orc chart
you already have eight reports right but
this is a reason to take the job at dat
isn't it it's a re and you're reinfor
it's a reason the best will do it is to
report to you and you got sometimes you
just got to swallow it and make it
happen for them right
yeah that much work to manage move it
hard are you to manage how much one time
do you need I I'll use my one-on-one
time it's once a week 30 minutes but we
don't talk about marketing a lot we talk
about leadership we talk about diversity
equity and inclusion we talk about
strategy we talk about other things than
marketing yeah he wants to talk about
marketing we can right but that's
generally not unless I need I want his
opinion on something because it's
important around a brand or like big
Ideas we're hitting our number we hit
112% of our goal for pipeline creation
and revenue like pretty good we're good
we're doing good efficiently yeah the my
the best thing that I say to my CEO is I
wish I had more people but I have enough
money and that's my problem to figure
out he L when I say that not asking for
more I gotta just go figure out I get
one last topic that maybe is less than
what we talked about but I know yeah but
it's a passion topic for both of us
because you brought it up can we talk
about diversity equality inclusion for a
minute listen I'm a white male of
privilege but as I've tried to put as
much energy in disaster make it an
inclusive community I feel like AC
across the
board since we came out of this little
flu that went around it's been dropped
as a priority I don't see any VCS talk
about it anymore going into 2020 there
was so much focus and some of it was not
all perfect but there was so much focus
on making sure companies were more
inclusive management teams boards
everything and I feel like it got
dropped I agree with you Dr dropped by
everybody a priority not a priority not
a priority it's just gone from
conversation isn't it and I don't know
not 100% from everywhere but it is
definitely gone from the top of the list
to the bottom and it's sad and and I was
talking to Godard able2 it's a a friend
of yours he's got a 50-50 diverse team I
in Boulder my daughter wanted to go to
cooler so we had this lovely afternoon
talking about the be benefit of that the
diversity of ideas and how the teams
think differently and I'll be honest I'm
the only female on a 12 person
leadership team yeah that's why we're
having conversations about it like I
don't want to be the only person and how
do we make that a priority and what can
be just Grassroots if like it can't be a
company priority to and I created the
sales off cares program we sponsored the
sales off carees program which to this
day want I go read Glass Door reviews
and people are talking about it like got
that is what fills my soul but I don't
I'd love to understand the why so we
could figure out how to bring it back to
being a topic and I do think that it was
nice to have we didn't quantify the
value enough to the business to make it
a must have
priority and and so that's you know how
how do you get more out of your people
what's retention look like like I just
there's so much cutting going on that
that that didn't stick and it's
unfortunate it's unfortunate because I
think it loses loses the connection to
people it does makes me sad it just
makes me sad too I wonder what I feel
like I don't I'm not an expert at all
I'm a student I do feel like when March
2020 came and we all started working
from home and didn't intend to I think
it accentuated things right because
there is a little bit of out of sight
out of mindness it doesn't make it right
or wrong but it it's a reality that when
we all work together in the same office
walking in and seeing a bunch of bros
talking about football and throwing
footballs and you just I would never
want to work in those environments like
I just I would walk into those rooms and
I'd be like you you got to change your
company tomorrow bill or Bob or Jim but
I know it's just a small part of it it's
just but I feel like what if you have
one last bit of advice I feel like we
lost something here and we're gonna I
feel like we're gonna regret it and if
we don't do something about making these
companies more inclusive I feel like
it's going to blow up on us in four or
five years yep the two pieces of advice
that I because I this is a topic that
I'm struggling with and I think
Grassroots it doesn't have to stop just
because it's not tucked down it helps
when it is but doesn't mean it can't
stop so if people are passionate about
it then do something about it that's
where it start and the second is not
accepting I'm not going to stop talking
about it just because I didn't get the
answer I wanted the first time yeah I'm
gonna keep bringing it up right I keep
bringing it up look at the room look at
the zoom this is not okay and we're
making small incremental changes and
diversity is one of our cultural values
but like at sales we had to do a lot of
education on what that meant everybody's
interpretation of it is different so you
have to create the space to talk about
it and to allow people to ask questions
without repercussion and small groups
and so I just kind of start and so if
you feel passionate about do something
about it I'm trying yep okay all right
we'll keep chatting about that Sydney
this was so great thank you for all the
time and we will we will check in when
dra is maybe at 500 million AR 800
million so we'll check we'll check in
again yeah
thank you all right see you